helm-charts/README.md, before:

# device-metrics-exporter-charts

![Version: v1.5.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-v1.5.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v1.5.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.5.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for AMD Device Metric Exporter

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| Praveen Kumar Shanmugam | <prshanmug@amd.com> |  |
| Yan Sun | <yan.sun3@amd.com> |  |
| Shrey Ajmera | <shrey.ajmera@amd.com> |  |

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>= 1.29.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| configMap | string | `""` | configMap name for the customizing configs and mount into metrics exporter container |
| image.initContainerImage | string | `"busybox:1.36"` | metrics exporter initContainer image |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | metrics exporter image pullPolicy |
| image.pullSecrets | string | `""` | metrics exporter image pullSecret name |
| image.repository | string | `"docker.io/rocm/device-metrics-exporter"` | repository URL for the metrics exporter image |
| image.tag | string | `"v1.5.0"` | metrics exporter image tag |
| kubelet | object | `{"podResourceAPISocketPath":"/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources"}` | kubelet configuration |
| kubelet.podResourceAPISocketPath | string | `"/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources"` | host path for kubelet pod-resources directory (optional)    - vanilla k8s kubelet path: /var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources    - micro k8s kubelet path: /var/snap/microk8s/common/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources/    - default to /var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Add node selector for the daemonset of metrics exporter |
| platform | string | `"k8s"` | Specify the platform to deploy the metrics exporter, k8s or openshift |
| service.ClusterIP.port | int | `5000` | set port for ClusterIP type service |
| service.NodePort.nodePort | int | `32500` | set nodePort for NodePort type service   |
| service.NodePort.port | int | `5000` | set port for NodePort type service    |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | metrics exporter service type, could be ClusterIP or NodePort |
| serviceMonitor | object | `{"attachMetadata":{"node":false},"enabled":false,"honorLabels":true,"honorTimestamps":true,"interval":"30s","labels":{},"metricRelabelings":[],"relabelings":[]}` | ServiceMonitor configuration |
| serviceMonitor.attachMetadata | object | `{"node":false}` | Adds node metadata to discovered targets for node-based filtering |
| serviceMonitor.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to create a ServiceMonitor resource for Prometheus Operator |
| serviceMonitor.honorLabels | bool | `true` | Honor labels configuration for ServiceMonitor |
| serviceMonitor.honorTimestamps | bool | `true` | Honor timestamps configuration for ServiceMonitor |
| serviceMonitor.interval | string | `"30s"` | Scrape interval for the ServiceMonitor |
| serviceMonitor.labels | object | `{}` | Additional labels for the ServiceMonitor |
| serviceMonitor.metricRelabelings | list | `[]` | Relabeling rules applied to individual scraped metrics |
| serviceMonitor.relabelings | list | `[]` | RelabelConfigs to apply to samples before scraping |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Add tolerations for deploying metrics exporter on tainted nodes |

Commit message:

Add podAnnotations and service annotations support to Helm chart
Allow users to add custom annotations to pods and services via podAnnotations and service.annotations in values.yaml. This enables metrics collection integrations (Prometheus, Datadog), load balancer configurations, service mesh integrations, and external-dns.

helm-charts/README.md, after:

# device-metrics-exporter-charts

![Version: v1.5.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-v1.5.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v1.5.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.5.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for AMD Device Metric Exporter

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| Praveen Kumar Shanmugam | <prshanmug@amd.com> |  |
| Yan Sun | <yan.sun3@amd.com> |  |
| Shrey Ajmera | <shrey.ajmera@amd.com> |  |

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>= 1.29.0-0`

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| configMap | string | `""` | configMap name for the customizing configs and mount into metrics exporter container |
| image.initContainerImage | string | `"busybox:1.36"` | metrics exporter initContainer image |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | metrics exporter image pullPolicy |
| image.pullSecrets | string | `""` | metrics exporter image pullSecret name |
| image.repository | string | `"docker.io/rocm/device-metrics-exporter"` | repository URL for the metrics exporter image |
| image.tag | string | `"v1.5.0"` | metrics exporter image tag |
| kubelet | object | `{"podResourceAPISocketPath":"/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources"}` | kubelet configuration |
| kubelet.podResourceAPISocketPath | string | `"/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources"` | host path for kubelet pod-resources directory (optional)    - vanilla k8s kubelet path: /var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources    - micro k8s kubelet path: /var/snap/microk8s/common/var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources/    - default to /var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Add node selector for the daemonset of metrics exporter |
| platform | string | `"k8s"` | Specify the platform to deploy the metrics exporter, k8s or openshift |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Add annotations to the pods |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Add annotations to the service |
| service.ClusterIP.port | int | `5000` | set port for ClusterIP type service |
| service.NodePort.nodePort | int | `32500` | set nodePort for NodePort type service   |
| service.NodePort.port | int | `5000` | set port for NodePort type service    |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | metrics exporter service type, could be ClusterIP or NodePort |
| serviceMonitor | object | `{"attachMetadata":{"node":false},"enabled":false,"honorLabels":true,"honorTimestamps":true,"interval":"30s","labels":{},"metricRelabelings":[],"relabelings":[]}` | ServiceMonitor configuration |
| serviceMonitor.attachMetadata | object | `{"node":false}` | Adds node metadata to discovered targets for node-based filtering |
| serviceMonitor.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to create a ServiceMonitor resource for Prometheus Operator |
| serviceMonitor.honorLabels | bool | `true` | Honor labels configuration for ServiceMonitor |
| serviceMonitor.honorTimestamps | bool | `true` | Honor timestamps configuration for ServiceMonitor |
| serviceMonitor.interval | string | `"30s"` | Scrape interval for the ServiceMonitor |
| serviceMonitor.labels | object | `{}` | Additional labels for the ServiceMonitor |
| serviceMonitor.metricRelabelings | list | `[]` | Relabeling rules applied to individual scraped metrics |
| serviceMonitor.relabelings | list | `[]` | RelabelConfigs to apply to samples before scraping |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Add tolerations for deploying metrics exporter on tainted nodes |
